modern people often ask themselves why
do I have to study
history well you're a historical
being you need to know who you are and
where you came from and why you think
the things you
think that's why you have to place
yourself in the proper
tradition I'm taking four of my esteemed
colleagues and you across the world oh
wow this is amazing to ReDiscover the
ways our ancient ancestors developed the
ideas that shaped modern society it was
a monument to Civic greatness to visit
the places where history was made that
is ash from the actual fires when the
Babylonians burn Jerusalem from
2500 years ago to walk the same roads We
are following the path of the
crucifixion and experience the same w
[Music]
we are on the site of a
miracle what kind of resources can human
beings bring to a mysterious but
knowable
Universe science art politics all that
makes life
[Music]
wonderful and something new about the
world is revealed